Golden History:

Version 6.0 Build 642 - January 14, 2011
  Fixed the cursor not scrolling into view when pasting into the SQL area.
  Fixed a bug where opening a private tab would logout the public session.
  Improved the connection diagnostics output.

Version 6.0 Build 641 - October 12, 2010
  Added new EXPORT command to export in TAB delimited format.
    EXPORT TAB "FILENAME" [NOTITLES]
  Added new optional parameter NOTITLES to the EXPORT CSV command.
    EXPORT CSV "FILENAME" [NOTITLES]
  Added new features to the EXPORT EXCEL/OOCALC commands.  Now you can specify a save filename, suppress the 
    overwrite file warning and also close Excel/OOCALC automatically (if no save errors.)
    Export command syntax:
      EXPORT EXCEL|OOCALC ["TemplateFilename"|NONE] ["SaveToFilename"] [NOOVERWRITEWARNING] [CLOSE]
      Note that the TemplateFilename is required if SaveToFilename is used but can be an empty string "" or NONE
    Example Script:
      select * from cat where rownum <= 100;
      -- Export to Excel using default template, a save filename, no overwrite warning and close Excel.
      export excel "" "c:\myexcel.xls" NOOVERWRITEWARNING CLOSE
  Fixed an issue with editing time values where the local format setting was different than the
    regional setting.
  Fixed a problem where the Golden6 process would keep running even if it was being used to autorun a script with
    the -x commandline option (which tells Golden to exit after running the -a script.)
  Fixed a problem where editing the server list in the login options page wouldn't save.
  Added check for TNS_ADMIN in HKLM\Software\Oracle location (since the Oracle Client checks there.)

Version 6.0 Build 640 - August 26, 2010
  Improved the response time of starting to edit a record.
  Improved the edit handling for synonyms.
  Added new option "Retain data after logout" to the Datagrid page of the options window.
  Added new option "Default spool directory" to the General page of the options window.
  Added new "Search across tabs" option to the Find and Replace windows.
  Fixed a problem where timestamps wouldn't use the time format in the options window.
  Fixed a problem sorting CLOB columns.
  Fixed a problem exporting dates to Excel 2010.
  Fixed a problem where Golden 6 wasn't prompting for password change during password grace period.
  Fixed an issue showing binary data (hex) in the cell detail window.
  Changed the hotkey for "view scratch window" to F11 to match Golden 5.
  Changed the installer to add the version and support information to the add/remove software list.

Version 6.0 Build 638 - June 25, 2010
  Fixed another issue with loading commandline files if using Window's "Open with" feature.
  Fixed several keyboard selection issues with the login list.

Version 6.0 Build 637 - June 17, 2010
  Fixed Timestamps with local timezone would not use the session's timezone if
        it was changed with "alter session".
  Fixed the datagrid explain plan would only show the first 100 rows.
  Fixed an issue with loading commandline files if using Window's "Open with" feature.

Version 6.0 Build 636 - May 3, 2010
  Added "View scratch window of current results" to the View menu.
  Added "View" menu items to go to data/text/log page directly instead of having to toggle.
  Added "View" dropdown button to the status bar.
  Added "Close other tabs" option to the tab right click menu.
  Moved the live script spooling feature to the 'Text view' page and added a checkbox for it.
    This feature allows you to run a script and have the information appear in the text view as if it was
    the output of the "spool" command.
  Fixed some issues involving DBMS OUTPUT.
  Fixed issue where the log view wouldn't work if it was showing while a script was run.
  Fixed refreshing the LoginList if a login was auto added.
  Added "Use Unicode" option to the login options.  This can help if you are using an older Oracle Client
        and can't upgrade to a newer one.  It can also help if you need to use the client dataset setting
        and not the servers (this generally would mean that the server is setup incorrectly.)
  ImpExp:  Fixed a problem saving some of the default options.
  ImpExp:  Added a "Default export file format" option.
  May 3rd release fixed a very minor config issue and added some diagnostic information.

Version 6.0 Build 635 - March 11, 2010
  Fixed:  Fixed a problem when selecting string constants with trailing spaces.
  Fixed:  Fixed a problem formatting number fields in the grid and using the column format command.

Version 6.0 Build 633 - January 13, 2010
  Fixed:  ImpExp6: Fixed a problem importing LONG fields containing Unicode data.
  Fixed:  ImpExp6: Fixed a problem with importing and exporting BLOB data.
  Added:  Option to turn off tab icons (to fit more on the screen at once.)
  Added:  Option on the advanced page to turn off file save prompting.
  Fixed:  Display issue with the Show Tabs Stacked option.
  Improved:  If you are using the autopopups and you type an alias that you haven't used yet
          you will see the tables display.  Once you pick one and use the right arrow to go to the
          column list that alias will be registered to that table so you will go directly to the column
          list next time.

Version 6.0 Build 631 - November 16, 2009
  Added:  Encodings to the XML export window.
  Added:  EXPORT XML "FILENAME" command.
  Added:  SET ENCODING [UNICODE | UTF-8 | ANSI] [NOBOM]
          This command affects spool files and exported csv and xml files.
          Use NOBOM to skip writing the byte order mark (BOM) at the beginning
          of Unicode and UTF-8 files.  This is not recommended as the BOM indicates the 
          character encoding of the file.
  Fixed:  Fixed a problem describing objects across a dblink in certain cases.

Version 6.0 Build 630 - October 28, 2009
  Fixed:  DBMS_OUTPUT couldn't handle lines longer than 2000 characters.
  Fixed:  Main window wouldn't remember maximized state.
  Fixed:  Problem displaying objects.
  Added:  SET EMBEDDED ON|OFF command to remove trailing CRLF from datasets in spool files.

Version 6.0 Build 628 - October 5, 2009
  New features:
    Full Unicode support.
    Customizable Toolbars.
    New Login window with improved login list.  Auto import from Golden 5.
    All new datagrid with better cell range selection and speed/look improvements.
    Client side sorting via column sort buttons (Ctrl-Click for multi level sorting)
    Client side formatting of dates and numbers.
    Popup "SQL QuickLists" with saved alias support (bring it up with Ctrl-Space or 
        turn on auto popup mode in the editor options.)
    Popup help for function arguments.
    Run and edit single statement in script.
    Run selected text (select a subquery and run it).
    Read-only file handling.

    Modified status and cursor position information.
    Optional text ellipsis (...) for grid cells.
    Alternate null indicator for data grid cells.
    Improved FindInGrid window.
    FILTER like this cell (select cell and choose option in Results menu or right click menu).

    OpenOffice Calc support for export.
    Default template files for Excel and OpenOffice Calc exports.
    Insert new record anywhere in grid (in edit mode).
    Oracle 10 alternate quoting mechanism support.
    Support for flexible date entry including ANSI standard YYYYMMDD.
    
    SDO_Geometry support.
    Improved XMLType handling.
    General Object support (display similar to SQLPlus).
    Arrays and nested table support.

    Spool output directly to log window if log window is open when starting script.
    Additional Spool command options like APPEND.
    COLUMN statement handling.

    Significantly improved multi-monitor support.
    Uses Vista and Windows 7 advanced open/save windows.
    The Cell detail window now allows searching.

    Many other display and functional improvements!
